- Dr. Haber. this is the police.
- This is the police.
- Can you hear me?
Dr. Haber?
Dr. Haber!
My name is Sergeant Whitford.
I just want to make
sure  that you're okay.
If you can hear
me. just holler.
Dr. Haber!
Oh fuck!
Do you need any
help down there?
Nah. I'm good.
You're okay. Just grab
that bush. almost there.
That's it. That's it.
Are you okay?
- Yeah. Thanks.
- You got to be careful up here.
It's pretty rugged country.
If the owner shows
up.  call the station.
Sure.
Oh fuck!
Yeah. It looks like it's  been
abandoned near the summit.
Haber. H-A-B-E-R.
Okay. thanks.
I called the city
copper. Sarge.
They're sending a car around
to door knock  that
doctor's address.
Thanks Reza.
Let me know as soon as
you hear back from them.
You secure the car?
I left a forestry
officer with it.
We'll get Scooter
to tow it down.
You look like you
need a coffee.
Brett. you can do the
paperwork on this one.
What are you laughing at. mate.
Brett's dirty he
didn't get the job.
Huh. really?
Well. the pace of things here
are a bit different
to what you used to.
How do you know
what I'm used to?
Adrenaline for one thing.
Well maybe  I'm looking forward
to the change of pace.
You're going to need
to be a team player.
but you're also an outsider.
I mean. look at me. I've been
here for nearly 50 years.
I'm still that Irish blow-in.
Okay. Dr. Haber and  his
wife didn't go to work.
Both sons aren't at school.
Yeah. Go in.  I'll
check the back.
Police! Is anyone home?
Okay. it's up on the
Summit Road. right?
I hope the prices on that board
match the pumps today. Scooter.
It's just for the
tourists. Sam.
Two days to go. old man.
Counting them down.
Maddie. counting them down.
I'm going to  miss
you heaps. Sam.
Ah Jesus. Bernice.
I'm not dying.
Any more advice?
Don't try to do
everything on your own.
and don't go out of your way
trying to please  any
of those ingrates.
Ah. learn to pick your battles.
- Hello!
- G'day.
- Double espresso. No sugar.
- Thank you.
- Circus is in town?
- Four wheel drive club.
- Can't complain.
- Ah.
Ooh. you're just in time
for the footy tipping.
In case you hadn't noticed.
Tam's chief barista
and unofficial
mayor  of this town.
It's good to have  a
breath of fresh air.
Not that we won't miss Sam.
Christ! Everyone's talking
like I'm in the grave.
You're so going to love it
here. This is God's country.
Even for godless
bastards like me.
You find anything?
Dr. Patrick Haber  is
a suspect in the murder
of his wife and two sons.
He's now approximately
eight hours missing.
Our suspect is a despondent.
so we will prioritise
the downward slopes
to the northeast.
No you're wrong.  I
reckon he's heading west.
That's what his
tracks suggests.
Owen Cooper. ex-forestry.
Nobody knows this
country like he does.
Well. I think. er. I think
we'll  stay with the science.
All right. let's get to work.
Dr. Haber!
Base  Station to Search Teams.
Tools down. people. We'll
suspend until first light.
Air Wing will continue
searching overnight using FLIR.
Hey there Archie. Beautiful
boy. hey. We'll show 'em.
You a bit restless mate. You
missing home? So's a few...
You talking to
your horse again?
Yeah. I'm getting more love from
Archie than from. you know who.
- How's he settling?
- Ah. he's going to love it.
All the space up here.
- What's that?
- Dunno. an owl?
They're still
searching for him.
How could he do
something so awful?
Yeah. assholes like that.
They've always got excuses.
Stress at work.
Kids that hate you.
Oh. should I be worried?
Come on. dinner.
I'll be in in a sec.  I'll
just put his blanket on.
Hmm.
Your flyer looks great.
I was going to go into Mansfield
tomorrow. hand some around.
Yeah. the shopping centre has
got a community notice board.
Of course it does.
And how was your day. Kirra?
It started off with a dead sheep
with its guts hanging out.
Went down hill from
there.  School sucked.
Dead sheep!  What dead sheep?
One of Grant's. from next door.
And what'd you do with it?
Where do you think
the chops came from?
Grant took it off.
He was pretty cut up.
He thinks we've got a
problem with wild dogs.
I'm turning vegetarian.
Hm-mm.
Her life revolves
around her friends
and we've ripped that all away.
Yeah. well I'm just trying  to
keep her safe. Both of you.
He's in jail. He can't hurt us.
It's not Leigh Schaefer.
it's his bloody old man.
You did your job.
and I'm proud of you.
And I know what you've
given up to come here.
She'll come round. eventually.
What was that?
Stay here.
- Someone's shooting.
- Yep.
Andie.  what if it's Schaefer?
Stay put both of you.  stay
away from the windows.
Police! Get out of the vehicle.
How do you like that...
Not good for the waistline.
or the blood pressure.
Mind you. neither is
confronting spotlighters
in the middle of
the bloody night.
You just ignore gunshots
outside your house. do you?
Sounds like the Masons to me.
Two brothers. Nash and Liam.
Live down the Old Sawmill Road.
Been a pain in my
spleen  for donkey's.
What are we talking?
Two heads and a banjo?
Ringbarking deer's
their little hobby.
They don't give two
shits about the law.
Yeah maybe they're just used
to getting away with it.
Hey boss. Got a sec?
Morning there Sarge.
We've got a fellow
over here who claims
to have some information
on our missing man.
And?
Oh. he wouldn't tell me.
He's demanded to speak
to the new sergeant.
- He's all yours.
- Thank you.
My name's Damien. Damien Starc.
You have some information  on
the man we're looking for?
You need to be
looking near water.
A river. Actually. two
rivers.  where they converge.
- Or maybe creeks.
- Have you seen him?
Can you point to where.
Oh no. I. I haven't seen him.
Not. not actually.  It
was more like a vision.
I have them sometimes.
What? Visions!
I know it's hard to believe.
It took me a very long
time to believe it myself.
It was just after I saw
the news on the television.
the news on the television
last night. about this man.
I saw it. Two rivers or
creeks coming together.
Now I'm absolutely certain
that's where he is.
Are you a friend of
Senior Constable Sweet?
Sweet.  Oh no. No way.
Okay. Okay.  Just take a seat.
Sergeant!
I want you down in Brokenridge
organising supplies.
I've got enough manpower.
I need someone
with your skillset.
off mountain.
running logistics.
Fuck!
Call off your dog.
I said call him off!
Trudy!  Get out of it.
What's the blood from?
Hey!
I'm Sergeant Whitford.
Thought I'd stop in
and introduce myself.
Nash. let's leave.
You boys been out hunting?
Hmm?
Well. where'd the
deer come from?
That's a special breed.
Around here we call them sheep.
I didn't see sheep
in your paddocks.
We don't run 'em.
Livestock brings disease.
So did you get it like
this from the butcher?
We got it off Bryan Harris.
He runs the farm between
here and Mansfield.
We work for him.
And he pays you in mutton?
We get anything the
feral dogs get at first.
Got a nice collection
on your fence.
Like Christmas decorations.
Wild dogs are a scourge.
Do you know what
else is a scourge?
And I just learned about this.
Ringbarking.
I thought that was
something you did to trees.
But these heroes. they shoot a
deer just to cut its head off
and leave the meat to rot.
They're after the
antlers.  I guess.
Flash rig.  It looks
pretty familiar.
Just missing an arse.
Put a flyer up. but none  of
the businesses I went into
were looking for bookkeepers.
Did you hear me?
Oh. it's not like
there's any urgency.
Yeah. but I want to work.  What
else am I going to do here?
You're an intelligent lady.
I'm sure you'll find
lots  of things to do.
Well. who'd have thought
I'd be this popular. hey?
It's a good turnout.
Sam. can I introduce
you to my partner Helen
and our daughter Kirra.
Kirra. Helen. Can't tell you
how great it is to meet you.
You must be very
proud  of this woman.
We are.
Hello.
I'll get us some
drinks.  Come on. Kee.
- Nice family.
- Thank you.
Any luck with Haber?
I wouldn't be surprised if
they  never found the bugger.
I spent the afternoon looking
over the missing person files.
12 months ago  a
bloke in a Volvo.
Michael Novak. breaks down on
Timbertop. never seen again.
Four months ago a woman
from Mentone. Jean Grierson.
hiking on the Buller
to Stirling Trail.
just vanishes into thin air.
City-folk.
That's three people now.
missing within a 40k radius
in the space of a year.
You know. in the city
we call that a pattern.
Up here. that's a fact of life.
All right. keep
quiet.  Thank you.
Come on. a bit of shush.
- Come on everyone.
- Oh shit!
Who's that?
Bryan bloody Harris.
Boyd. can. can you  just
shut up for a second?
Um. all right.
um. I'm not. er.
- I'm not here to make a speech.
- Oh yeah.
No. not here to give
a speech. but no.
I would like to
welcome everyone
to Sam Dyson's retirement bash.
Yes. Now look.  as
proud President
of the Alpine
Cattleman's  Association.
I. well it's been my duty
to work hand in glove
with the local constabulary.
Now. Sam and I don't
always see eye to eye.
Understatement of the century.
But look.  I think
it's fair to say
that we have the utmost
respect for each other.
Ha!
Yes. as a measure
of that respect. um.
bar's on me tonight.
No! Beer and wine.
Beer and wine only. Thank you.
Very generous.
- Is that his wife?
- Hmm.
Claire.
She doesn't look
too happy about it.
Hmm.
Speech!
Oh Sammy. come on.  you
give us a speech. mate.
Yeah. speech!
All right. All right. All right.
We'll keep it short and sweet.
Now that he's paying.
I don't want to cut
into  our drinking time.
40 years. It's a long time.
It's been mostly a privilege.
occasionally a penance.
There's things I'll miss
and there's things I won't.
You'll be glad to know I've
left you all in good hands.
I want you to make Sergeant
Whitford feel right at home.
Believe me.  you're
lucky to have her.
As for me.
you'll find me in the Delatite.
chasing the Big Bastard.
If anybody does interrupt me.
I want you to come
armed  with a six pack.
or a very expensive
bottle of whiskey.
Or preferably both.
Cheers. Thank you.
And where are you going?
To find a signal.
The wi-fi here sucks.
Stay where we can see you.
Hello. yeah...
Owen Cooper.  you
were up at the search.
Yeah. not anymore.  Cripps
gave me the arse too.
Do you still think they're
looking in the wrong direction?
Ah. it doesn't
matter  what I think.
Ex-forestry. yeah?
What do you do now?
I take cashed up
tourists on remote treks
through the High Country.
for spectacular selfies.
- It is spectacular.
- Hmm.
And the sounds. wow!
It's off-putting. almost.
Well. Country  can
do that to you.
When the time's right.
you'll hear it.
Hey I think I just
got my first job.
See. all that
worry for nothing.
- Yeah.
- Oh. congratulations.
Hey. you take the bus.  right?
Yep. To that pathetic
excuse of a school.
What's that?
- Oh. Vodka and passion fruit.
- Bogan.
- You got two mums. don't you?
- Yeah. So what?
One of them's black?
- Her dad was.
- Oh...
Who's your missus. Ben?
She's not my missus.
What if I was?
What is it to you?
You must be a noob.
Ben Cooper's a gimp.
And you're obviously a dick.
She's the new cop's
daughter. Finn.
Fuck off!
What if I am?
You really think she's
going to give a shit
about some redneck stoner?
I want to go home. Mum.
I hate it here.
I just want to die. I
do.  I wish I was dead.
Air Wing to Base.
We've completed a sweep  of
the southern coordinates.
No sign of the suspect.
We're shifting our focus
to the eastern slope.
Base. copy that.
You still here?
Why aren't you
up at the search?
Oh. I got a pass from the boss.
Corro day.  Heap of
briefs to type up.
Ah. we've got  Damien
Starc out here.
and he wants to speak to you.
and he seems pretty insistent.
Is he a mate of yours?
No. he's no mate of mine.
Sergeant. please.
I just need a few
minutes of your time.
What is it. Mr. Starc?
Ah. okay. is this your...
I can't sleep.
I can't focus. This is
literally consuming me.
Now a person's
life is at stake.
and I feel like you
have a civic duty
to at least listen  to
what I have to say.
Okay. All right. I'm listening.
Okay. All right. um...
Now. now. now.
this image. right?
This. this. this place.
I don't know where it is.
but I know that it's important.
and it's not just the place.
I think he might be
riding a black horse.
A black horse?
I don't know why.  but I
keep getting black horse.
black horse. black
horse.  black horse.
And. and I keep hearing  bells
or what sounds like bells
going off all around him.
Like he could be near a church.
No. that doesn't
make any sense.
He couldn't be near a church.
but there are definitely bells
and they're going off
all around him and. and
I keep seeing...
I keep seeing a
mouth.  All right.
Like a gaping mouth.
I mean. it's not a mouth.
but it looks like a mouth.
All right. A mouth in a face.
More like an open grave.
Or maybe. maybe a cave.
No. no. no. no. It's a face.
It's definitely...
Definitely a face.
Okay. well I'll um.
I'll look into it.
The...
Everything.
Will you. will you really?
Sure.
Good.
All right. No. that's.
that's great. All right.
I feel a lot better now.
You can keep that.
Thanks.
What the hell is
this guy's story?
You're going to have
to ask Sam that.
Door's open.
Damien Starc.
Tea?
Yes. thanks.
He was the primary
school  teacher here.
five years ago.
One of the kids from the school.
a boy called Luke Samson.
went missing.
Just up and vanished one day.
About a week into the search.
Damien Starc comes forward
claiming to have had a vision.
He started talking about.
seeing a deep hole in
the ground like a pit.
Hearing the rusty creak
of an old windmill.
Said we'd find Luke with
something around his face.
like a handkerchief.
I ignored him...
Until a month later...
When Luke's body was found
at the bottom of an old
uncapped mineshaft.
Right beside a windmill.
creaking in the wind.
And his eyes were
covered with a blindfold.
The detail. Damien did it.
What other
explanation is there?
Unless you believe all
this psychic horseshit.
Why didn't you arrest him?
DPP refused.  No physical
evidence. No DNA.
The coroner determined
that he was stabbed. but.
we never found the knife.
Was the boy sexually assaulted?
No. thank Christ.
The theory was
it was more of a.
thrill kill.
I didn't see this
Luke Samson file.
It's not in the pended cases.
Has homicide  shut
the door on it?
Five years ago I made  a
pledge to Luke's mother.
That I'd catch the
monster who did this.
Past few years I've been. well.
I've been stretched pretty thin.
and so. now that I'm retired.
I'm going to commit
100 percent of my time
to fulfil on that promise.
Hello?
You must be Helen?
- Rose.
- You found us. okay?
Yeah. Bit off the beaten track.
Come on into the house.
Seeing your flyer in
Mansfield was a godsend.
I've got no head for figures.
so I'm afraid my books
were in a bit of a state.
You might take one look at
them and flee for the hills.
Yes. That is me.
Quite a bit younger.
a bit more toned.
What do you think of it?
Oh. sorry. No. it's lovely.
What do you really think of it?
Ah. it's just. I'm not sure.
The composition's  a
bit naive. for me.
I agree.
- You an artist?
- No. no.
- I read a few books.
- Hmm.
Stay there.
I'll just get rid of these
and  get you my accounts book.
- Get in the car!
- No!
Your coming with me  back
to the city. all right?
Don't make me angry.
Get in the fucking car...
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Let her go!
- Get in the car.
- Let her go! Now!
What are you going to
do  you crazy old bitch.
Next. it's your balls!
It's okay. It's
okay.  It's okay.
Okay. can you look after her?
Who was that?
Oh. my niece's ex. I doubt
he'll be back anytime soon.
So. you want the job?
Oh darn it!
Go away. I'm busy.
Whatever you're trying to
pull with Sergeant Whitford.
it won't work.
It won't work.
Your number of days as a free
citizen is dwindling. Damien.
And just because I've retired
does not mean that
you're off the hook.
I know what you are  and
I'm not going to rest
until you pay for what
you did to Luke Samson.
You sick fuck!
I'm going to get ya.
He was dragging
her to his car.
I mean this poor girl.
she's terrified.
And then Rose comes
charging out of the house
with the biggest shotgun
you've ever seen.
Well. I've ever seen.
And then this guy.
he makes the near fatal
mistake of goading her.
So she fires the gun into
the air. nearly shat myself.
and then she points
it  at his balls.
Should've seen his face.
Well. this feels familiar.
Sorry.
It's just...
What?
Oh. nothing.
Come on.
Talk to me.
I feel like a rookie. having
to prove myself all over again.
Cripps is a real prick.
And there's this
whole Haber thing.
You know. whatever personal
crap he was dealing with.
he made his family
the victims of.
And so have I.
Well. at least you haven't
buried us in the backyard.
Yet.
Saw you pull up. almost ready.
Sam told me about your son.
Could I just say I
am  so sorry. Tammy.
Double espresso. no sugar.
Hey Reza.
Whereabouts?
Yep. All right.  On my way.
I'll be one sec.
Good boy. Archie.
They reckon the camp
was attacked last night
by some kind of wild animal.
Took off with their food.
What sort of wild animal?
The girl thinks
it was a Grizzly.
Yeah. Could have been a Yowie.
You know. like the Bigfoot.
Not that I ever believed
in  Yowie's personally.
I don't think they're real.
This is west of Haber's
last known position.
The direction Owen Cooper
thinks he was going.
Let's check it out.
Whoa.
Are they Habers?
I'll continue west. You
take  the path to the south.
Don't be a hero. If you see
anything. buzz the radio. Okay?
Come on. Archie.
Whoa!
Reza?  Are you there?
Reza?
Reza!
What happened?
Someone. whacked
me  with a branch.
He grabbed my gun.
and it went off.
Shit. Stay here.
Dr. Haber?
Dr. Haber. I need you to put
the  gun down and turn around.
Just slowly put the
gun  on the ground
and then I can get
you some help.
But first I need you
to  put the gun down.
Dr. Haber!
I killed them.
My wife.
My beautiful boys.
I killed them all.
I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- Why did you do that?
I was so ashamed.
Please. put the gun down.
You don't understand.
You don't know  what's
happening here.
Put the gun down and
we can talk about it.
No. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no...
Put the gun down now
or I will shoot you.
It's not over.
Fuck!
I'm going to take Reza back.
He's got to do his reports.
- Keep an eye on him.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
But I can give you
a ride back too.
Come on. Archie.
Whoa.